I can not tell you how excited I was when I saw your ad. Get paid to work outdoors and travel! I do not want to be on the road 10 days, I want to be on the road permanently! The excitement has worn off. I will be able to save the amount I wanted but it will take longer than I thought. I can do all that you want: Responsibly operate, maintain, repair: automobile, pump sprayer, chainsaw, line trimmer, computer and digital camera. I have done all that before. I have a clean background and driving record, am safe, do not do drugs, will get my right of way herbicide application license and I ride my bike 18 miles a day. Here is the rub: To do it for the rest of my life? God I hope not. I will leave my story here. I wrote it because your application helped me solve a personal problem I was having and I wanted to thank you. If for some godawful reason you want to know more go to my website and read my resume / bio http://dfellows.rf.gd/resume It might help you to understand me more. I really do want to work for you. Douglas Rae Fellows.


I can not tell you how excited I was when I saw your ad. Get paid to work outdoors and travel! I do not want to be on the road 10 days, I want to be on the road permanently! The excitement has worn off. I will be able to save the amount I wanted but it will take longer than I thought. I can do all that you want: Responsibly operate, maintain, repair: automobile, pump sprayer, chainsaw, line trimmer, computer and digital camera. I have done all that before. I have a clean background and driving record, am safe, do not do drugs, will get my right of way herbicide application license and I ride my bike 18 miles a day. Here is the rub: To do it for the rest of my life? God I hope not. I will leave my story here. I wrote it because your application helped me solve a personal problem I was having and I wanted to thank you. If for some godawful reason you want to know more go to my website and read my resume / bio http://dfellows.rf.gd/resume It might help you to understand me more. I really do want to work for you. Douglas Rae Fellows.


I can not tell you how excited I was when I saw your ad. Get paid to work outdoors and travel! I do not want to be on the road 10 days, I want to be on the road permanently! The excitement has worn off. I will be able to save the amount I wanted but it will take longer than I thought. I can do all that you want: Responsibly operate, maintain, repair: automobile, pump sprayer, chainsaw, line trimmer, computer and digital camera. I have a clean background and driving record, am safe, do not do drugs, will get my right of way herbicide application license and I ride my bike 18 miles a day. Here is the rub: To do it for the rest of my life? God I hope not. I will leave my story here. I wrote it because your application helped me solve a personal problem I was having and I wanted to thank you. If for some godawful reason you want to know more go to my website and read my resume / bio http://dfellows.rf.gd/resume I really do want to work for you.


I can not tell you how excited I was when I saw your ad. Get paid to work outdoors and travel! I do not want to be on the road 10 days, I want to be on the road permanently! The excitement has worn off. I will be able to save the amount I wanted but it will take longer than I thought. I can do all that you want: Responsibly operate, maintain, repair: automobile, pump sprayer, chainsaw, line trimmer, computer and digital camera. I have a clean background and driving record, am safe, do not do drugs, will get my right of way herbicide application license and I ride my bike 18 miles a day. Here is the rub: To do it for the rest of my life? God I hope not. I will be 64 this year and I just found out I am not special; 1981 was the last year I got a W-2. I will leave my story here. I wrote it because your application helped me solve a personal problem I was having and I wanted to thank you. If for some god awful reason you want to know more read go to my website and read my resume / bio http://dfellows.rf.gd/resume


I can not tell you how excited I was when I saw your ad. The excitement has worn off. I will be able to save the amount I wanted but it will take longer than I thought. I can do all that you want: Responsibly operate, maintain, repair: automobile, pump sprayer, chainsaw, line trimmer, computer and digital camera. I have a clean background and driving record, am safe, do not do drugs, will get my right of way herbicide application license and I ride my bike 18 miles a day. Here is the rub: I will be 64 this year and I just found out I am not special; 1981 was the last year I got a W-2. I will leave my story here. If you want to know more read http://dfellows.rf.gd/resume


I can not tell you how excited I was when I saw your ad. The excitement has worn off. I will be able to save the amount I wanted but it will take longer than I thought. I do not want to be on the road 10 days, I want to be on the road permanently. I can do all that you want: Responsibly operate, maintain, repair: automobile, pump sprayer, chainsaw, line trimmer, computer and digital camera. I have a clean background and driving record, am safe, do not do drugs, will get my right of way herbicide application license and I ride my bike 18 miles a day. Here is the rub: I will be 64 this year and I just found out I am not special; 1981 was the last year I got a W-2. I will leave my story here. If you want to know more read http://dfellows.rf.gd/resume



I do not want to be on the road 10 days, I want to be on the road permanently. I worked in northern Wisconsin in 1980 and would like to see it again. I can do all that you want